<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#A Collection of Intelligence on the Xianzhou Luofu#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Дополнить}}
{{Книга Инфобокс
|id           = 206
|partIds      = 190430
|Название     = 
|Изображение  = Иконка Пергамент Сяньчжоу.png
|Мир          = The Xianzhou Luofu
|Томов        = 1
|Автор        = <!--нужно добавить-->
|Описание     = Intelligence about the Xianzhou Luofu as collected by Dan Heng.
|Том1         = {{tx}}
|Источник1    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Персонажи    = 
|Фракции      = 
}}
'''A Collection of Intelligence on the Xianzhou Luofu''' — одна из [[Книги|книг]], которую можно найти на [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Локация==
{{Отметка карты|<!--название карты-->|<!--id отметки-->}}

==A Collection of Intelligence on the Xianzhou Luofu==
To (Trailblazer):

As a fleet that sails eternally amidst the stars, the main body of the Xianzhou Alliance consists of six giant ships that encompass entire worlds. The Xianzhou Luofu you are about to head to is one of them. The other five are called Yaoqing, Fanghu, Xuling, Yuque, and Zhuming. All contain sights marvelous to the eyes.

Information on the other Xianzhou ships will not be very useful to this trip, and I will therefore skip them. This note will only talk about the Luofu.

Once you board the Luofu, there is only one thing you must remember.

'''You must not show any desire toward a long life, or any admiration toward Abundance, regardless of what you think and believe.'''

You must have seen records of this in the data bank. The Xianzhou residents do not look any different from normal humans, but they are a long-life species that can live up to a thousand years in truth. The Alliance constantly guards against any short-life species from pursuing the secrets of longevity, and the Xianzhou Cloud Knights ceaselessly hunt the undead abominations created by Abundance.

As for other things, you will naturally learn them once you board the Luofu. I wish you a safe return.

==На других языках==
{{На других языках
|en   = A Collection of Intelligence on the Xianzhou Luofu
|zhs  = 罗浮仙舟情报手记
|zht  = 羅浮仙舟情報手記
|ja   = 仙舟「羅浮」情報手記
|ko   = 나부 선주 정보 수기
|es   = Recopilación de información sobre el Luofu de Xianzhou
|fr   = Renseignements du Luofu de Xianzhou
|ru   = Собранные сведения о Лофу Сяньчжоу
|th   = บันทึกข้อมูลของ Xianzhou Luofu
|vi   = Ghi Chép Tình Báo Xianzhou Luofu
|de   = Gesammelte Informationen über die Xianzhou Luofu
|id   = Kumpulan Intelijen di Xianzhou Luofu
|pt   = Uma Coleção de Informações sobre o Luofu do Xianzhou
}}

==История изменений==
{{История изменений|3.5}}

[[en:]]