<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Surveillance Report from the Xianzhou Yuque#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Дополнить}}
{{Книга Инфобокс
|id           = 187
|partIds      = 190403
|Название     = 
|Изображение  = Иконка Пергамент Сяньчжоу.png
|Мир          = The Xianzhou Luofu
|Томов        = 1
|Автор        = <!--нужно добавить-->
|Описание     = An intelligence report sent from the Xianzhou Yuque.
|Том1         = {{tx}}
|Источник1    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Персонажи    = 
|Фракции      = Antimatter Legion; Borisin; Interastral Peace Corporation; Lord Ravager; Muldrasil; Wingweaver
}}
'''Surveillance Report from the Xianzhou Yuque''' — одна из [[Книги|книг]], которую можно найти на [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Локация==
{{Отметка карты|<!--название карты-->|<!--id отметки-->}}

==Surveillance Report from the Xianzhou Yuque==
'''For Chief Counselor Qingzu's eyes only,'''

The Xianzhou Yuque is currently trekking around the periphery of the Giant's Arm star cluster, plotting an ancient course as it continues explorations.

Twenty-six sidereal hours ago, the Cloudpeer Telescope captured signals from Reignbow's Lux Arrow traversing through three of its coordinates. The master diviner has interpreted this as a divine mandate.

The Marshal issued orders, and the Yaoqing Cloud Knights' Heroncrest Fleet and Red Ballad Fleet have both set out on patrol as hereby informed.

We also include a recent scouting report of enemy movements for strategic planning.

<div align="right">'''[Stamp]<br />
Regards,<br />
Divination Commission, Xianzhou Yuque'''


<br />'''Must be opened with Chief Counselor's Seal'''</div>

{{Размер|32|[The Borisin]}}

The Great Brood Lord Angsin leads his hunting pack into the Echidna skywall, struggling to fight off the hostile Shepherds Fleet.<br />
Their fleet consists of 16 beast ships and 325 battleships.<br />
We expect to observe the borisin's internal war in the upcoming days. We will send out another battle report once the time comes.

Threat posed to the Luofu: Very low.

{{Размер|32|[The Wingweavers]}}

Based on IPC data, the wingweavers' Peacock Angel legion has arrived at the Consternation Starzone to locate a Stellaron and revive their homeworld of Muldrasil.<br />
The veracity of this information is yet to be verified.

Threat posed to the Luofu: Very low.

{{Размер|32|[Antimatter Legion]}}

An industrial planet along the Luofu's route, the Baranza Forge, has been completely neutralized by the Lord Ravager Irontomb's assault.<br />
Diviners have performed calculations, and the probability of victory is infinitesimally close to zero.

Threat to the Luofu: Medium low.<br />
Suggested countermeasures: Order the Divination Commission to monitor electrical signals from Irontomb's vehicle, and remain vigilant about its movements.

==На других языках==
{{На других языках
|en   = Surveillance Report from the Xianzhou Yuque
|zhs  = 来自「玉阙」仙舟的监察报告
|zht  = 來自「玉闕」仙舟的監察報告
|ja   = 仙舟「玉殿」からの監察報告
|ko   = 「옥궐」 선주에서 보내온 감찰 보고서
|es   = Informe de vigilancia del Yuque de Xianzhou
|fr   = Rapport de Surveillance du Yuque de Xianzhou
|ru   = Доклад разведки с Юйцюэ Сяньчжоу
|th   = รายงานการตรวจตราจาก Xianzhou "Yuque"
|vi   = Báo Cáo Giám Sát Từ Xianzhou "Yuque"
|de   = Bericht über die Überwachung aus der Xianzhou Yuque
|id   = Laporan Pengawasan dari Xianzhou "Yuque"
|pt   = Relatório de Vigilância do Yuque do Xianzhou
}}

==История изменений==
{{История изменений|3.5}}

[[en:]]