<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Ten Unpardonable Sins Detailed Breakdown#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Дополнить}}
{{Книга Инфобокс
|id           = 274
|partIds      = 190524
|Название     = 
|Изображение  = Иконка рукописи с Лофу Сяньчжоу.png
|Мир          = The Xianzhou Luofu
|Томов        = 1
|Автор        = <!--нужно добавить-->
|Описание     = A legal explanation regarding the most serious crimes in Xianzhou, known as the "Ten Unpardonable Sins."
|Том1         = {{tx}}
|Источник1    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Персонажи    = 
|Фракции      = 
}}
'''Ten Unpardonable Sins Detailed Breakdown''' — одна из [[Книги|книг]], которую можно найти на [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Локация==
{{Отметка карты|<!--название карты-->|<!--id отметки-->}}

==Ten Unpardonable Sins Detailed Breakdown==
*This brochure on Xianzhou laws continuously re-instates the legal interpretation of the Ten Unpardonable Sins. Perpetrators who commit these sins will face the most severe penalties.*

The first sin is "Involuntary Immortalization."<br />
It refers to the crime of contaminating the genetic makeup of short-life species, resulting in their transformation into long-life species, then eventually degenerate into abominations.

The second sin is "Immortality Theft."<br />
It refers to the crime committed by travelers who infiltrate the Xianzhou with the intent to steal the secret of immortality.

The third sin is "Beguilement."<br />
It refers to the crime of foreign races with abilities to manipulate minds, who use this to deprive individuals of their free will and control them.

The fourth sin is "Mara Ensnarement."<br />
It refers to the crime of inducing mara-struck through specific means.

The fifth sin is "Phratry Murder."<br />
It refers to the crime of violently taking the lives of fellow Xianzhou peoples.

The sixth sin is "Illicit Espionage."<br />
It refers to the crime of the theft of confidential information from the governmental organizations of the Xianzhou.

The seventh sin is "Prison Break."<br />
It refers to the crime of attempting to breach the confinement of the Ten-Lords Division, and attempting to enter The Shackling Prison to release prisoners held within.

The eighth sin is "Sowing Discord."<br />
It refers to the crime of inciting, dividing, or undermining unity among the various races on the Xianzhou.

The ninth sin is "Incitement to Riot."<br />
It refers to the crime of mobilizing military forces to launch an attack on the Xianzhou, inciting war or rebellion.

The tenth sin is "Capsizing Xianzhou."<br />
It refers to the crime of attempting to disintegrate the physical structure of the Xianzhou ships with the aim of it sinking.

==На других языках==
{{На других языках
|en   = Ten Unpardonable Sins Detailed Breakdown
|zhs  = 不赦十恶详解
|zht  = 不赦十惡詳解
|ja   = 不赦十悪詳細解釈
|ko   = 10대 죄악 상세 해석
|es   = Desglose detallado de los diez pecados capitales
|fr   = Explication détaillée des Dix péchés impardonnables
|ru   = Толкование десяти непростительных мерзостей
|th   = คำอธิบายสิบบาปมหันต์
|vi   = Giải Trình 10 Tội Ác Không Thể Tha Thứ
|de   = Ausführliche Übersicht über die Zehn unverzeihlichen Sünden
|id   = Penjelasan Mendalam Sepuluh Dosa Tanpa Ampun
|pt   = Explicação Detalhada dos Dez Pecados Imperdoáveis
}}

==История изменений==
{{История изменений|3.5}}

[[en:]]