<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#The Account of Preceptor Sutuan Crafting a Statue of the High Elder#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Дополнить}}
{{Книга Инфобокс
|id           = 227
|partIds      = 190459
|Название     = 
|Изображение  = Иконка рукописи с Лофу Сяньчжоу 3.png
|Мир          = The Xianzhou Luofu
|Томов        = 1
|Автор        = <!--нужно добавить-->
|Описание     = The inscription below the ancient statue of the high elder recounts the story of a preceptor creating the statue.
|Том1         = {{tx}}
|Источник1    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Персонажи    = 
|Фракции      = 
}}
'''The Account of Preceptor Sutuan Crafting a Statue of the High Elder''' — одна из [[Книги|книг]], которую можно найти на [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Локация==
{{Отметка карты|<!--название карты-->|<!--id отметки-->}}

==The Account of Preceptor Sutuan Crafting a Statue of the High Elder==
With the entire delve relocated, the Arbor's voracious activity subsided. The Preceptor Sutuan took out an almighty commission of artisans including one master, three craftsmen, and 235 apprentices to erect the hallowed Dragonvista Rain Hall. Inside was an area for a statue of the High Elder.

With a budget of seven hundred thousand strales for the project, the Preceptor Sutuan stumped up some thirty thousand strales himself.

High Elder Yubie, bearer of the Azure Dragon's legacy, spreading clouds and rain to bless all living souls.

Unstunted by 90 rebirths, just as the Alliance remains strong after 300 years.

Just as the growing Arbor required rescuing from overloading eggs, the world is in chaos, necessitating the solving of the collapsing crisis.

The High Elder blessed the Luofu with the Scalegorge waters to suppress the mara crisis forevermore &mdash; truly an impossible mission.

He pacified the Six Charioteers and created a peaceful era. This statue serves to remember such monumental grace.

==На других языках==
{{На других языках
|en   = The Account of Preceptor Sutuan Crafting a Statue of the High Elder
|zhs  = 龙师溸湍为龙尊造像记
|zht  = 龍師溸湍為龍尊造像記
|ja   = 龍師溯湍、龍尊像造像記
|ko   = 용의 군사 소단의 용존상 제작기
|es   = El Preceptor Sutuan esculpió una estatua del Gran Maestre
|fr   = Le récit du Précepteur Sutuan qui a sculpté une statue du Grand ancien
|ru   = Сказ о том, как мудрейший Сутуань возводил статую Верховного старейшины
|th   = จารึกการสร้างรูปปั้นมังกรผู้ทรงเกียรติ ของมังกรอาวุโส Sutuan
|vi   = Ghi Chép Về Việc Long Sư Sutuan Tạc Tượng Long Tôn
|de   = Bericht über die Anfertigung einer Statue des Hohen Ältesten durch Präzeptor Sutuan
|id   = Catatan Sesepuh Sutuan tentang Patung Naga Terhormat
|pt   = O Relato do Preceptor Sutuan ao Construir uma Estátua do Grande Mestre
}}

==История изменений==
{{История изменений|3.5}}

[[en:]]