<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#The Luofu Sky-Faring Commission Guilds List#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Дополнить}}
{{Книга Инфобокс
|id           = 177
|partIds      = 190386
|Название     = 
|Изображение  = Иконка рукописи с Лофу Сяньчжоу.png
|Мир          = The Xianzhou Luofu
|Томов        = 1
|Автор        = <!--нужно добавить-->
|Описание     = A catalog of trades from the Sky-Faring Commission, recording operations of the guilds aboard the Luofu.
|Том1         = {{tx}}
|Источник1    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Персонажи    = 
|Фракции      = 
}}
'''The Luofu Sky-Faring Commission Guilds List''' — одна из [[Книги|книг]], которую можно найти на [[The Xianzhou Luofu]].

==Локация==
{{Отметка карты|<!--название карты-->|<!--id отметки-->}}

==The Luofu Sky-Faring Commission Guilds List==
There are currently seven trade guilds affiliated with the Luofu Sky-Faring Commission: The Whistling Flames, the Celestial, the Securocrat, the Goldstream, the Plainfeather, the Firefly, and the Aquaglider.<br />
For the convenience of connection between the Sky-Faring Commission and various other business interests, the Amicassador and scope of trade for each guild are as follows:

{{Размер|36|The Whistling Flames Guild}}<br />
'''Amicassador:''' Tingyun<br />
'''Scope of trade:''' Import and export of various products for refinement.

The Whistling Flames guild has the fastest and safest bio-transport vessels in the cosmos. In addition to industrial processing materials, our guild also handles farming products, breeding, and transformations. We sincerely welcome planets rich in bio-materials to contact us.

{{Размер|36|The Celestial Guild}}<br />
'''Amicassador:''' Yanming<br />
'''Scope of trade:''' Import and export of various cultural productions, artworks, publications, and other cultural products.

The Celestial guild handles trades of art and literary products. Please contact us to discuss further if you want to hold an exhibition or event involving a foreign culture aboard the Xianzhou, or if you wish to showcase Xianzhou culture off-world.

{{Размер|36|The Securocrat Guild}}<br />
'''Amicassador:''' Changqing<br />
'''Scope of trade:''' Import and export of various weapons and military products.

The Securocrat guild trades in military goods. The alliance's mission is '''solely''' to maintain order, and eliminate the Abominations of Abundance. Any export of military technology must first be approved by the Sky-Faring Commission.

{{Размер|36|The Goldstream Guild}}<br />
'''Amicassador:''' Changwen<br />
'''Scope of trade:''' Import and export of various pharmaceutical products.

The Goldstream guild handles the import and export of medical and health-related products. Based on the Sky-Faring Commission Trade Management Regulations, any pharmaceutical products not included in the trading allowlist must undergo inspection. Offenders are strictly prohibited from trading with the Luofu.

{{Размер|36|The Plainfeather Guild}}<br />
'''Amicassador:''' Zhiyao<br />
'''Scope of trade:''' Import and export of various starskiff-related products.

In addition to their starskiff exports, the Plainfeather guild also provides after-sales modding services for starskiffs so that they match various different lifestyle and cultural themes.


{{Размер|36|The Firefly Guild}}<br />
'''Amicassador:''' Yunling<br />
'''Scope of trade:''' Import and export of various goods within the Xianzhou Alliance network.

The Firefly guild gathers specialties from all over the cosmos onto the Luofu: The Zhuming's porcelain, the Fanghu's marine products, the Yuque's jade abaci, and various other specialties from other Xianzhou vessels.

{{Размер|36|The Aquaglider Guild}}<br />
'''Amicassador:''' Zhongchu<br />
'''Scope of trade:''' Import and export of various secondary-industry products (such as agricultural by-products, raw chemical and textile materials, etc).

The Aquaglider Guild undertakes trades for almost all industries, and owns a huge fleet of spaceships. They are the largest of the seven guilds aboard the Xianzhou Luofu.

==На других языках==
{{На других языках
|en   = The Luofu Sky-Faring Commission Guilds List
|zhs  = 罗浮天舶司商会名录
|zht  = 羅浮天舶司商會名錄
|ja   = 羅浮天舶司商会名簿
|ko   = 나부 천박사 상회 명부
|es   = Lista de gremios de la Comisión del Transporte Celeste del Luofu
|fr   = Liste des guildes de la Commission du ciel du Luofu
|ru   = Список гильдий Комиссии по полётам Лофу
|th   = รายชื่อสมาคมการค้าของ Sky-Faring Commission แห่ง Luofu
|vi   = Danh Sách Thương Hội Sở Thiên Bách Luofu
|de   = Gildenliste der Himmelreisekommission von Luofu
|id   = Direktori Serikat Dagang Sky-Faring Commission Luofu
|pt   = Lista de Guildas da Comissão de Exploração do Céu do Luofu
}}

==История изменений==
{{История изменений|3.5}}

[[en:]]