<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#A Brief Message#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Дополнить}}
{{Книга Инфобокс
|id           = 591
|partIds      = 191931
|Название     = 
|Изображение  = Электронная почта с КСГ.png
|Мир          = Amphoreus
|Томов        = 1
|Автор        = <!--нужно добавить-->
|Описание     = Before departing the Express via a spirit warp jump, Dan Heng left the conductor a brief message.
|Том1         = {{tx}}
|Источник1    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Персонажи    = 
|Фракции      = 
}}
'''A Brief Message''' — одна из [[Книги|книг]], которую можно найти на [[Amphoreus]].

==Локация==
{{Отметка карты|<!--название карты-->|<!--id отметки-->}}

==A Brief Message==
''To the Conductor:''

Please forgive me for leaving without notice. I know you're doing all you can to recover the car belonging to me and (Trailblazer).

I wanted to say goodbye before leaving, but the difference in time flow between the outside world and Amphoreus no longer permitted me to stay.

I saw the look in your eyes. It was the same one I saw when you spoke of Mr. Mikhail and the others.

I didn't want to trouble you with unnecessary worry, so I'm leaving this message.

I'll bring {{MC|ж=both of them|м=both of them}} back safe and sound.

This is my promise. You know me. I never break my word. This is also the duty I carry as an Express "Guard."

I don't know how long this will take. If you ever feel anxious, read this message. Maybe it will ease your mind, even if just a little.

If (Trailblazer) were here, {{MC|ж=she|м=he}} would probably say there's still mung bean soda in the fridge that {{MC|ж=she|м=he}} hasn't finished and wouldn't want to waste.

Please look after March until she wakes up. Goodbye.

<div align="right">''Dan Heng''</div>

==На других языках==
{{На других языках
|en   = A Brief Message
|zhs  = 一则简短的留言
|zht  = 一則簡短的留言
|ja   = 簡潔なメッセージ
|ko   = 짧은 메시지
|es   = Un breve mensaje
|fr   = Un bref message
|ru   = Короткая записка
|th   = ข้อความที่รวบรัด
|vi   = Một Lời Nhắn Ngắn Gọn
|de   = Eine kurze Nachricht
|id   = Sebuah Pesan yang Singkat
|pt   = Uma Breve Mensagem
}}

==История изменений==
{{История изменений|null}}

[[en:]]