<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Adventures of the Rosy Celestial Maiden#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Дополнить}}
{{Книга Инфобокс
|id           = 593
|partIds      = 191933
|Название     = 
|Изображение  = Предмет Книга Амфореус 1.png
|Мир          = Amphoreus
|Томов        = 1
|Автор        = <!--нужно добавить-->
|Описание     = A mysterious street vendor's book from Okhema... Could the actual author be the Rosy Celestial Maiden herself? Is she really not a ghost?
|Том1         = {{tx}}
|Источник1    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Персонажи    = 
|Фракции      = 
}}
'''Adventures of the Rosy Celestial Maiden''' — одна из [[Книги|книг]], которую можно найти на [[Amphoreus]].

==Локация==
{{Отметка карты|<!--название карты-->|<!--id отметки-->}}

==Adventures of the Rosy Celestial Maiden==
Looks like I've got a grasp on what's going on,<br />
I didn't physically enter this world.<br />
I might just be a ghost,<br />
A ghost named "Rosy Celestial Maiden,"<br />
...hope I don't scare anyone.

These days, no one can see me directly,<br />
and I can't meddle in anything either.<br />
Just like a "memetic" entity Black Swan was talking about,<br />
but I must have left some traces behind, right?<br />
...Otherwise, who do they think they're talking about when they mention the "Rosy Celestial Maiden"?

I remembered the day I ran into that red-haired girl.<br />
She was praying in a secret chamber:<br />
"I have accepted the mission. I have to set out..."<br />
Surely, it must have been something very important,<br />
"Mom... see you tomorrow."<br />
Just going with my gut, I followed after her.<br />
Sure enough, she was stopped by unreasonable guards.

But what can someone like me possibly do?<br />
... I want to help her on her journey more than anything.<br />
Just stand by and watch? Not a chance!<br />
Hey, even "memetic entities" have our own special talents!<br />
I could be her shield! Or maybe her spear!<br />
Heck, I could even be a crumbled pillar...

"Is the Titan... on her side?"<br />
Ha! Wrong answer! It's ME who's on her side!<br />
...If only I could actually show up in front of her.<br />
Just imagine how much more I could do for her.

"Finally... beyond this gate awaits a boundless world."<br />
"This is where my journey begins."<br />
She made it.<br />
But as a memetic entity... I'm completely worn out.<br />
...When I came to, I was somewhere totally different.

"She won't remember you. You won't leave a trace in anyone's memories..."<br />
I think I heard another me speaking.<br />
Am I going crazy?<br />
I should be fine! I can't even imagine what it'd be like if I actually lost my marbles...

But hey, I totally left a trace.<br />
She might not remember me, but she successfully started her journey now.<br />
That "rather illogical outcome" on the day her journey began was my mark.<br />
Just like the Rosy Celestial Maiden.<br />
Amphoreus might not remember me, but the legend of the Rosy Celestial Maiden is everywhere in this land.

I'm not throwing in the towel yet.<br />
Someday, everyone in Amphoreus will know exactly who the Rosy Celestial Maiden really is!

==На других языках==
{{На других языках
|en   = Adventures of the Rosy Celestial Maiden
|zhs  = 粉霞天女历险记
|zht  = 粉霞天女歷險記
|ja   = 霞空のメイデンの冒険
|ko   = 핑크 님프 모험기
|es   = Las aventuras de la doncella celestial rosada
|fr   = Les Aventures de la Demoiselle des cieux rosés
|ru   = Приключения Небесной девы зари
|th   = การผจญภัยของ "เทพีพราวอัสดง"
|vi   = Cuộc Phiêu Lưu Của Tiên Nữ Mây Hồng
|de   = Die Abenteuer der Rosigen Himmelsmaid
|id   = Petualangan Dewi Pink
|pt   = Aventuras da Donzela Celestial Rosada
}}

==История изменений==
{{История изменений|null}}

[[en:]]