<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Amphoreus Trailblaze Log: Before the Era Nova#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Дополнить}}
{{Книга Инфобокс
|id           = 594
|partIds      = 191934
|Название     = 
|Изображение  = Предмет Книга Амфореус 1.png
|Мир          = Amphoreus
|Томов        = 1
|Автор        = <!--нужно добавить-->
|Описание     = After returning to Amphoreus, Dan Heng wrote this Trailblaze Record. Hm? Did a certain pretty girl leave her comments this time?
|Том1         = {{tx}}
|Источник1    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Персонажи    = Cerces
|Фракции      = 
}}
'''Amphoreus Trailblaze Log: Before the Era Nova''' — одна из [[Книги|книг]], которую можно найти на [[Amphoreus]].

==Локация==
{{Отметка карты|<!--название карты-->|<!--id отметки-->}}

==Amphoreus Trailblaze Log: Before the Era Nova==
...

I did not get to witness the Era Nova in my previous life due to fighting the Flame Reaver. Little did I expect that I now have the chance to witness it firsthand in this life.<br />
Odd. I've gotten used to phrases like "past and present lives." Is it because carrying the Coreflame of Earth has made me more "molded" to Amphoreus? Or has this journey genuinely awakened memories of my hatching rebirth?<br />
But I have no desire to turn this Trailblaze log into some self-centered soliloquy. That would be March's style.

''*Hey! For your information, my style is considered dynamic and captivating, thank you very much~*''

Since my return from the Express and immersion in the memoria tide, strange events have cascaded one after another. I must document everything to maintain objectivity.<br />
While heading deeper into the Grove, I faced "Dan Feng" again, that inescapable past of mine. I never imagined this body would retain such clear memories of those moments. Would I choose differently if given another chance? Would I still protect my companions at the cost of everything? When I asked Terravox these questions, the very ones "Dan Feng" once asked me, perhaps... I was interrogating myself once more.<br />
Terravox's response helped cement my own conviction... No matter how many times I face these questions, my answers remain unchanged.

''*If you asked us, the answer would definitely be... yes!*''

I learned that (Trailblazer) had fallen into Time's memoria tide, and it was Terravox who worked with Evernight to build that memoria world... In retrospect, that demigod of Earth was so deeply attached to the land of Amphoreus. The immense maze within the memoria tide was Earth itself, with (Trailblazer) hidden somewhere inside.<br />
My only option was to channel Earth's power, project my consciousness into the giant tree, and journey across Amphoreus through the history that Cerces had witnessed.<br />
For the first century, I traced with my fingertips every trail we'd previously walked, questioning rivers, woodlands, city-states, and their inhabitants. I also consulted ancient stones, ore deposits, and mountain ranges, but all efforts proved fruitless.<br />
In the next hundred years, I touched with my palm the ocean waves, cast my gaze towards the sky, followed schools of fish to glance into abyssal trenches, and surveyed the clouds alongside rising mists. Again, I found nothing.<br />
Slowly, time eroded my initial determination, and I lost myself among the primordial rock strata. Yet, only the shared memories with (Trailblazer) could guide me to locate someone forgotten within the memoria tide. These recollections continuously emerged in my mind, rekindling my original purpose and eventually leading me to (Trailblazer).<br />
Despite the endless expanse of the memoria tide, our memories served as beacons along an endless path. I found {{MC|ж=her|м=him}}, and together we reawakened March 7th.<br />
I always knew that my thousand-year journey would be just a blink outside the tide. Still... that experience, which nearly obliterated my consciousness, remains harrowing. However, I can't afford to worry about that anymore.

''*So sorry for putting everyone through all that trouble... but then again, hehe... guess I really am a girl with mysterious powers after all!*''

As I write these words, Miss Cyrene and (Trailblazer) are on the verge of completing preparations for the "Final Era Nova."<br />
...And March 7th keeps badgering me to let her "review" this "seriously delayed" Trailblaze log. I suppose I should set aside my pen for now.

''*Indeed, the time has come... for us to trailblaze Amphoreus into a brand-new tomorrow!*''

==На других языках==
{{На других языках
|en   = Amphoreus Trailblaze Log: Before the Era Nova
|zhs  = 翁法罗斯开拓日志•在再创世之前
|zht  = 翁法羅斯開拓日誌•在再創世之前
|ja   = オンパロス開拓日誌・再創世の前に
|ko   = 앰포리어스 개척 일지•재창기 이전
|es   = Diario trazacaminos de Amphoreus: Antes de la Era Nova
|fr   = Registre d'exploration d'Amphoreus&nbsp;: Avant la nouvelle ère
|ru   = Журнал освоения Амфореуса (до эры воскресающей земли)
|th   = บันทึกการบุกเบิก Amphoreus: ก่อนยุคนิรมิตใหม่
|vi   = Nhật Ký Khai Phá Amphoreus - Trước Khi Tái Sáng Thế
|de   = Trailblaze-
Protokoll von Amphoreus: Vor der Ära Nova
|id   = Log Perintisan Amphoreus: Sebelum Era Penciptaan Ulang
|pt   = Registro de Desbravamento de Amphoreus: Antes da Era Nova
}}

==История изменений==
{{История изменений|null}}

[[en:]]