<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Брошюра «Возвращение в золотой век»#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Дополнить}}
{{Книга Инфобокс
|id           = 521
|partIds      = 190848
|Название     = "Back to Era Chrysea" Handbook
|Изображение  = Предмет Книга Амфореус 2.png
|Мир          = Amphoreus
|Томов        = 1
|Автор        = <!--нужно добавить-->
|Описание     = A poetic handbook that passionately calls for unwavering nostalgia and longing for the Era Chrysea.
|Том1         = {{tx}}
|Источник1    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Персонажи    = Kephale
|Фракции      = 
}}
'''"Back to Era Chrysea" Handbook''' — одна из [[Книги|книг]], которую можно найти на [[Amphoreus]].

==Локация==
{{Отметка карты|<!--название карты-->|<!--id отметки-->}}

==Брошюра «Возвращение в золотой век»==
<div align="center">To this day, we still weep for that resplendent Era Chrysea&mdash;<br />
The homeland we long for in our restless dreams.<br />
Now, Strife's pointed arms pierce its smooth joints,<br />
And Trickery's profanities tarnish its solemn visage.<br />
Its noble form, entombed beneath the River of Souls,<br />
Is barred from the world by the Titans of Calamity.

O great sky father, slumbering Throne of Worlds who upholds the Dawn,<br />
Have you sown the seeds of a merciful prophecy,<br />
To guide that gilded age back to our side?<br />
We can only offer it the purge of Calamity and show of piety.<br />
The warriors shall split Strife's pointed arms and burn away Trickery's profanities;<br />
The warriors shall, too, vanquish the Tyrant in the River of Souls,<br />
And cleanse the cold bones of death, and from therein lift a past reborn &mdash;

That future past is you, Era Chrysea,<br />
The homeland in our restless dreams.<br />
You adorned the boundless sky, earth, and sea with untainted gleam.<br />
You guided humanity's path with Gate and Scale,<br />
And gently stashed thousands of tales behind the Veil.<br />
With your kiss, lovers and true bonds from this earth you create,<br />
Under your witness, the all-knowing father blessed all with jovial fate.

Sky father above, we never sought that illusive afterlife &mdash;<br />
We weep only for that resplendent Era Chrysea,<br />
For it is our homeland to which we must return.</div>

==На других языках==
{{На других языках
|en   = "Back to Era Chrysea" Handbook
|zhs  = 「重返黄金世」宣传读物
|zht  = 「重返黃金世」宣傳讀物
|ja   = 「黄金紀復興」の宣伝冊子
|ko   = 「다시 황금기로」 홍보 도서
|es   = Texto propagandístico "Retorno a la Era Crisea"
|fr   = Brochure : «&nbsp;Retour à l'ère chryséenne&nbsp;»
|ru   = Брошюра «Возвращение в золотой век»
|th   = เอกสารประชาสัมพันธ์ "หวนคืนสู่ยุคทอง"
|vi   = Tài Liệu Tuyên Truyền "Trở Về Thời Kỳ Hoàng Kim"
|de   = Werbematerial für die Rückkehr zur Ära Chrysea
|id   = Bacaan Propaganda "Kembali ke Era Keemasan"
|pt   = Manual de "De Volta à Era Chrysea"
}}

==История изменений==
{{История изменений|3.5}}

[[en:]]