<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Letter from the Fairies#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Дополнить}}
{{Книга Инфобокс
|id           = 572
|partIds      = 191901;191902;191903;191904;191905
|Название     = 
|Изображение  = Предмет Книга Амфореус 1.png
|Мир          = Amphoreus
|Томов        = 5
|Автор        = <!--нужно добавить-->
|Описание     = A letter found in the mailbox of the Membrance Maze, addressed to you, carrying the fairies' heartfelt blessings.
|Том1         = {{tx}}
|Источник1    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Том2         = {{tx}}
|Источник2    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Том3         = {{tx}}
|Источник3    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Том4         = {{tx}}
|Источник4    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Том5         = {{tx}}
|Источник5    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Персонажи    = 
|Фракции      = 
}}
'''Letter from the Fairies''' — одна из 5 частей [[Книги|книг]], которую можно найти на [[Amphoreus]].

==Локация==
{{Отметка карты|<!--название карты-->|<!--id отметки-->}}

==Letter from the Fairies==
===The First Letter===
To our friend from the outside, (Trailblazer):

<div align="center">Do come and make friends with the fairies, mem!<br />
Everyone here is warm and welcoming.<br />
Remember, only children with pure hearts<br />
can ever find the path to the Maze.

I've included some little gifts with this letter.<br />
Hope you have a wonderful time in the Maze, mem!

Spoken by Dolimem, penned by Relimem</div>

===The Second Letter===
Dear (Trailblazer):

<div align="center">The Chief said you've visited many places<br />
and gone through countless adventures.<br />
I would love to sit by the tree hollow<br />
and hear all about your amazing travels.

The Great Tree will remember your stories,<br />
and so will I.

Your biggest fan, Latitimem</div>

===The Third Letter===
To my friend (Trailblazer):

<div align="center">Did you know flowers have their own moods?<br />
They stand tall and proud when happy,<br />
and droop their heads when feeling sad.<br />
As their gardener, I take good care of them all.<br />
Whoever looks down gets a nice splash of water.

Since your arrival, I've made a giant watering can.<br />
Its powerful streams wash away mountains of worries.<br />
As your friend, I want to take the best care of you.

Your caring friend, Solimem</div>

===The Fourth Letter===
Welcome, (Trailblazer):

<div align="center">My absolute favorite thing is celebrating festivals.<br />
When everyone gathers, singing songs and dancing together.<br />
I wish time would fly by even faster,<br />
so I could teach you fairy dances at our next gathering.

Yet once the celebration starts, I find myself wishing<br />
that time would slow down, just a little bit more.<br />
Not because I want more Lantern Persimmons or Quillorbs,<br />
but simply to enjoy more moments with friends.

Lalimem, who wants to hang out with you</div>

===The Fifth Letter===
To (Trailblazer), who traveled from afar:

<div align="center">I keep many little booklets,<br />
each named after one of my friends.<br />
Every happy moment we share together<br />
gets carefully recorded inside.<br />
These heavy pages hold the precious weight of memories.

I've set aside an especially big, thick booklet just for you,<br />
since joy is never in short supply when we're together.

With enthusiasm, Tilimem</div>

==На других языках==
{{На других языках
|en   = Letter from the Fairies
|zhs  = 来自妖精的信
|zht  = 來自妖精的信
|ja   = 妖精からの手紙
|ko   = 요정이 보낸 편지
|es   = Cartas de las hadas
|fr   = Lettres des fées
|ru   = Письмо от фей
|th   = จดหมายจากภูต
|vi   = Lá Thư Từ Yêu Tinh
|de   = Brief von der Fee
|id   = Surat dari Peri
|pt   = Carta das Fadas
}}

==История изменений==
{{История изменений|3.5}}

[[en:]]