<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Mountain Dwellers: The Dromas Rider Family#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Дополнить}}
{{Книга Инфобокс
|id           = 589
|partIds      = 191928;191930
|Название     = 
|Изображение  = Предмет Книга Амфореус 1.png
|Мир          = Amphoreus
|Томов        = 2
|Автор        = <!--нужно добавить-->
|Описание     = Written during Ptolemy's twilight years, who is a comrade of Mydei, this account details how Geocles created the Dromas Legion over a thousand years ago. It follows their meteoric rise in Amphoreus and the treachery that ultimately sealed their fate.
|Том1         = {{tx}}
|Источник1    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Том2         = {{tx}}
|Источник2    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Персонажи    = Aquila; Georios; Kephale
|Фракции      = Leviathan; Okhema
}}
'''Mountain Dwellers: The Dromas Rider Family''' — одна из 2 частей [[Книги|книг]], которую можно найти на [[Amphoreus]].

==Локация==
{{Отметка карты|<!--название карты-->|<!--id отметки-->}}

==Mountain Dwellers: The Dromas Rider Family==
===Part I===
'''''Preface'''''

Having woven the immense fabric of time with the warp of countless years and the weft of rising and falling kingdoms, I, Ptolemy, exhausted every resource to measure, verify, and inscribe the magnificent purpose behind our world's history. ''The Chronicles of Aidonian Tribulations'' reached completion in Light Calendar 4153, documenting the evolution of 297 significant city-states across the Amphoreus world from 300 years before the Light Calendar through year 4100. Their histories have all been methodically examined and enshrined in these chronicles. It was then I wished to set aside my quill, ready to seal these volumes for posterity.

Then came Light Calendar 4159. As the holy city mourned Grand Craftsman Chartonus, who fell defending Okhema, I was tasked with crafting his epitaph. In that solemn moment, a question seized me: Should our chronicles only immortalize those of Kephale's descendants? This insight drove me back to my calling with renewed purpose. I began collecting scattered histories of various peoples, beginning with the Mountain Dwellers' Dromas Riders, whose valiant deeds deserve their place in the grand mosaic of Amphorean civilization.

...

'''''Volume 2: The Creation of the Dromas Riders'''''

...

After Geocles the Mountainbreaker set the Campa Mountains ablaze with revolution, leading his people from their dire circumstances into the historical spotlight, internal divisions quickly appeared among the Mountain Dwellers. Some abandoned warfare for agriculture and mining, only to be enslaved by the tyrant during the Chrysos War, condemned to ceaseless toil. Others, inspired by Geocles' ambitions and committed to fight for their people's future, rallied under his banner to form an army.

The Mountain Dwellers first joined the Chrysos War in Light Calendar 3798, using their remarkable stamina and physique to seize three cities in just ten days. Their weaknesses, however, quickly surfaced: sluggish movement, slow thinking, overly cautious planning, and combat inexperience. During the Month of Mourning, amid howling snowstorms that sealed mountain passes, Usurper Oleinus sprung his trap. He lured Geocles's forces into an ambush and exploited their fear of cold water by flooding them with icy springs from above. Three hundred mountain warriors, immobilized by cold and starvation, were captured and imprisoned. By then, Mountain Dwellers had already become highly prized slaves. And in his greed, the Usurper spared even the Mountainbreaker himself from execution, a decision that would ultimately cost him both his kingdom and his life.

The dungeons contained not just the newly captured mountain elite warriors but also dozens of dromases. These earth creatures were highly coveted by merchants. The strong ones served as beasts of burden, while the weak and old became meat rations for armies. Being creations of Georios like the dromases, Mountain Dwellers naturally speak the dromas tongue. When the guards grew careless, Geocles sneaked to the enclosures and shared his plan, persuading all the dromases to join his righteous cause. After the snow melted, the Usurper ordered the prisoners transferred. As soon as the dungeon doors opened, dust clouds erupted. The Mountain Dwellers drove the dromases forward like thunderbolts, instantly crushing the Usurper and his troops into a bloody mess.

...

After overthrowing the tyrant and freeing Oleinus, the Mountain Dwellers established their base and began honing their military skills. During this period, Geocles devoted himself to studying warfare strategy day and night while training his forces, eventually forging an elite cavalry of dromas riders. Unlike their infantry, these dromas riders eliminated the problem of sluggish movement while maximizing the ferocity of the dromases. Once their charge gained momentum, none could stand against them. Though some tried setting traps, few could effectively contain dromases, and the battle-wise Geocles rarely fell for such tactics. By Light Calendar 3840, the dromas riders were feared throughout Amphoreus. From their Oleinus Plateau fortress, they proclaimed themselves defenders of earth's creatures, with no kingdom daring to challenge them. When Kremnoan forces attempted an interception, Geocles, understanding the limitations of pitched battles, smashed their front lines before swiftly withdrawing, leaving the Kremnoan troops without recourse.

...

===Part II===
...

'''''Volume 4: The Walking Dragon Terravox'''''

...

In the year 3865 of the Light Calendar, Aquila experienced unstable weather, while inland Amphoreus was struck by alternating droughts and floods. Crops failed before harvest, and the land became littered with corpses of the starved. Faced with famine, the nations turned their eyes to Earth's creations, slaughtering their kind to fill their kitchens. According to historical records, species such as the Fearfool Birds and the Audubon Pigeons, which should have thrived in the wild, were hunted to extinction within just five years.

To protect his kin, Geocles led the Dromas Legion on raids across the land again and again. With each campaign, the Mountainbreaker saw more clearly the cruelty hidden beneath the mask of civilization worn by Kephale's descendants. He once heard the dying wail of a dromas cut in half, and witnessed a chimera struggling in a boiling cauldron while the culprits stood by, mouths watering as they waited to eat. After witnessing such horrors time and again, the once-honorable hero known as the Mountainbreaker gradually became cold, violent, and vengeful toward all other races.

In the Month of Everday in Light Calendar 3868, the Dromas Legion launched an expedition to the Silo Kossas Peninsula, rescuing dromases trapped by the black tide. They crossed Idilia Bay, avoided the Kremnos Fortress, passed the eastern ridges of the Grove, and returned to the Oleinus Plateau. While traversing the Dolos Plains, they encountered a battlefield scene: a colossal dromas stood alone amid the chaos, carrying a cluster of chimeras and beasts on its back. Its form was more gigantic and imposing than that of any ordinary dromas. Armies from nearby city-states encircled it, loosing volleys of arrows in disarray. Though the arrows could not pierce its hide, the young upon its back fell one by one. In that moment, its body was soaked in red as if draped in a robe of blood, and its anguished cry shook the land.

Geocles saw this and gave the order to charge. The Dromas Legion surged like a flood, scattering enemy troops in all directions. The Mountainbreaker rushed forward, examined the great beast's wounds, and questioned the origin of the attackers. The beast gave no reply. Geocles then led the Dromas Legion in pursuit, riding straight to the gates of the city. The walls of earth and stone collapsed under the weight of the Dromas Legion like they were made of paper. In moments, half the city-state lay flattened underfoot.

Just as the Dromas Legion prepared to wipe out the last of their enemies, the giant beast rushed forward and shouted a command to stop. "The Mountain Dwellers have never been fond of war. If this is your way, then who are you to speak for us?" Geocles found the words absurd. "The Dromas Legion saved you from the encirclement, and now you dare lecture me?" The two clashed amid the broken ruins. The chieftain of the Mountain Dwellers had always claimed divine strength and often wrestled with dromases without falling behind. But this time, no matter how he pushed, the beast refused to yield. Instead, it pressed forward, driving Geocles back step by step, and then slammed into him with full force, hurling him into the city wall. Brick and stone exploded outward. The warlord was left embedded in the rock, and it took him some time before he emerged, covered in dust and grime.

...

The arrival of mighty Terravox sealed the final gap in the Dromas Legion's rise to power. In the past, the Mountain Dwellers had Geocles to lead them. Now, the dromases moved under the command of the Dromas King. The traps once crafted to counter them had become meaningless. In every battle, Terravox charged ahead, turning his power to shatter mountains and his armor resistant to blade or metal into a force that crushed all obstacles beneath his feet.

Terravox's most vital role was to cleanse the lingering violence within the army. At that time, Geocles, the first among the Mountain Dwellers to raise a banner in rebellion, led his iron cavalry across city-states. Though his cause was just, he gradually lost his mercy.

After entering the camp, Terravox rekindled the Mountain Dwellers' ancestral sense of kindness. With unmatched power, he shattered enemy lines. With unshakable authority, he put an end to needless slaughter. At first, Geocles remained wary that their enemies might seek revenge. But once he saw Terravox's disciplined command and how even the Kremnos Army could not shake the Dromas Legion, he laid down his doubts and placed his trust in him. In time, these two heroes, so different in nature, became the closest of companions.

Terravox softened the Mountainbreaker's wrath with his own gentleness, while the Mountainbreaker's hardened path also left its imprint on Terravox. The ancient dromas, who had lived apart from humankind for over five millennia, first came to understand what it meant to be accused, to witness the cruelty of human hearts, and... to face betrayal. As the one who had once defied ancestral law and fled his homeland, Geocles understood these things well. Before the Leviathan who had never broken an oath, he passed on the philosophy of betrayal and survival not with speeches, but through his every action. By then, the bond between man and beast had already become inseparable.

Over fifty years later, during the assault on Georios, the Mountainbreaker witnessed his most trusted comrade turn traitor, and the once-invincible Dromas Legion collapse like a breached dam. He refused to surrender and fell into a rocky abyss.

"Only survival is worth blind loyalty. All else may be betrayed."

...<br />

==На других языках==
{{На других языках
|en   = Mountain Dwellers: The Dromas Rider Family
|zhs  = 山民龙骑世家
|zht  = 山民龍騎世家
|ja   = 山の民の竜騎士一族
|ko   = 산의 백성 용기사 가문
|es   = Montañeses: familia cabalgadromas
|fr   = Les habitants des montagnes : La famille des chevaucheurs de drakas
|ru   = Горцы: Династия Драконьих всадников
|th   = ตระกูลทหารคีรีผู้ขี่มังกร
|vi   = Gia Tộc Dân Núi Long Kỵ
|de   = Bergvolk: Dynastie der Dromenreiter
|id   = Penghuni Gunung: Keluarga Penunggang Dromas
|pt   = Montanheses: A Família dos Cavaleiros de Dromas
}}

==История изменений==
{{История изменений|null}}

[[en:]]