<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Список умерших#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Дополнить}}
{{Книга Инфобокс
|id           = 546
|partIds      = 190875
|Название     = Record of the Departed
|Изображение  = Предмет Книга Амфореус 1.png
|Мир          = Amphoreus
|Томов        = 1
|Автор        = <!--нужно добавить-->
|Описание     = A register of the deceased. Before the Era Nova, someone shall see it completed.
|Том1         = {{tx}}
|Источник1    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Персонажи    = Kephale; Thanatos
|Фракции      = Okhema
}}
'''Record of the Departed''' — одна из [[Книги|книг]], которую можно найти на [[Amphoreus]].

==Локация==
{{Отметка карты|<!--название карты-->|<!--id отметки-->}}

==Список умерших==
In the year 2147 of the Light Calendar, the holy city faced the calamity of the black tide and faded into the night.<br />
This tome chronicles the fallen and records the sorrow of Okhema.

'''{{Размер|28|Fallen Soldiers, Priests, and Scholars}}'''<br />
...

• Alpheus and Malonza – Twin brothers who perished for the holy city.<br />
(

/<br />
• Petros – A valiant Mountain Dweller, his sacrifice immortal.<br />
)(

/<br />
• Margusa - A wise researcher who unfortunately passed away at a market.<br />
)(

/<br />
• Ulysse – A acolyte, perished while shielding companions.<br />
)(

/<br />
• Nereia – A Kephale priest, her mission ended at her resting place.<br />
)<br />'''{{Размер|28|Fallen Citizens}}'''<br />
...

• Antigone – Daughter of Acacias, perished in a collapsed home.

• Theagis – A mother of three, perished embracing her youngest.<br />
(

/<br />
• Albus – A righteous man, passed away in prayer.<br />
)(

/<br />
• Bolaris – A man of the people, perished facing the Black Tide Creatures.<br />
)(

/<br />
• Hygilos – A merchant, found dead in his shop.<br />
)(

/<br />
• Lucretia – A friend of the dromas, perished after fulfilling what should be done.<br />
)(

/<br />
• Marcus – A weathered man, met his fate beyond Okhema.<br />
)


<br />'''{{Размер|28|Missing Persons}}'''<br />
• Hegesia – A humble soul, missing.

'''{{Размер|28|Others}}'''<br />
• Ten unidentified bodies, features unrecognizable.

...

May the grace of Thanatos guide these souls to a new world.<br />
We shall meet again at the end of the west wind.

==На других языках==
{{На других языках
|en   = Record of the Departed
|zhs  = 逝者录
|zht  = 逝者錄
|ja   = 故人名簿
|ko   = 망자록
|es   = Registro de los fallecidos
|fr   = Registre des disparus
|ru   = Список умерших
|th   = บันทึกผู้วายชนม์
|vi   = Ghi Chép Về Người Đã Khuất
|de   = Aufzeichnung der Verstorbenen
|id   = Daftar Orang yang Meninggal
|pt   = Registro dos Mortos
}}

==История изменений==
{{История изменений|3.5}}

[[en:]]