<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Записки с переговорами чистильщиков#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Дополнить}}
{{Книга Инфобокс
|id           = 550
|partIds      = 190879
|Название     = The Cleaner's Rendezvous Note
|Изображение  = Предмет Книга Амфореус 2.png
|Мир          = Amphoreus
|Томов        = 1
|Автор        = <!--нужно добавить-->
|Описание     = A note found from a Cleaner, containing intelligence on city defenses, assassination orders, and the movements of Chrysos Heirs.
|Том1         = {{tx}}
|Источник1    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Персонажи    = Aquila
|Фракции      = 
}}
'''The Cleaner's Rendezvous Note''' — одна из [[Книги|книг]], которую можно найти на [[Amphoreus]].

==Локация==
{{Отметка карты|<!--название карты-->|<!--id отметки-->}}

==Записки с переговорами чистильщиков==
After the tyrant's death, the Phyton mobilized many refugees to join the garrison and restructured the city's defenses. The updated schedule is as follows:<br />
Guard shifts at the Marmoreal Market have increased in frequency &mdash; from Action Hour to Curtain-Fall Hour, all patrols along the Path of Parting will begin one quint earlier.<br />
Take careful note of these changes to avoid unnecessary complications.<br />
''*The note appears to have been smoothed flat then curled again, suggesting it was once rolled inside a secret message cylinder.*''

...

{{Цвет|Огненный|███████}}, high priest of the Flame-Chasers.<br />
A middle-aged {{Цвет|Огненный|███}} with gray hair, stooped posture, and a burn scar on the right side of the neck. Visits the chanting hall alone to pray during Entry Hour's first quint {{Цвет|Огненный|█████}}.<br />
An exposed iron nail will be placed on the stair railing. {{Цвет|Огненный|█████████}}, an accident might {{Цвет|Огненный|█████}} silence him permanently.<br />
'''''Dark, crusted bloodstains have obscured the text, and the names have been deliberately smeared away by bloody fingers.'''''

...

Phyton and the Maiden have been frequently visiting the Twilight Courtyard lately to meet with healers.<br />
In their conversations, they've mentioned the Skyfolk and the Daythunder Knight's past affairs. The day to reclaim Aquila's Coreflame appears to be imminent &mdash;<br />
A thousand-year-old grudge will be settled then. Make preparations, for that moment draws near.<br />
'''''...written on the inner side of a clean bandage, emitting a dry, herbal fragrance.'''''

==На других языках==
{{На других языках
|en   = The Cleaner's Rendezvous Note
|zhs  = 清洗者的接头纸条
|zht  = 清洗者的接頭紙條
|ja   = 粛清者の連絡メモ
|ko   = 청소부의 접선 쪽지
|es   = Notas conectadas del purificador
|fr   = Note de rendez-vous du Purgateur
|ru   = Записки с переговорами чистильщиков
|th   = จดหมายส่งข่าวของผู้ชำระ
|vi   = Mảnh Giấy Liên Lạc Của Kẻ Thanh Tẩy
|de   = Rendezvous-Notiz eines Säuberers
|id   = Catatan Pertemuan Pembersih
|pt   = A Nota de Encontro do Higienista
}}

==История изменений==
{{История изменений|3.5}}

[[en:]]