<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#To Strife: Praise Nikador#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Дополнить}}
{{Книга Инфобокс
|id           = 448
|partIds      = 190750
|Название     = 
|Изображение  = Предмет Книга Амфореус 4.png
|Мир          = Amphoreus
|Томов        = 1
|Автор        = <!--нужно добавить-->
|Описание     = An ode of praise by the Kremnoans to glorify Nikador. Its tunes often echo in Strife's temple and battlefields.
|Том1         = {{tx}}
|Источник1    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Персонажи    = Nikador
|Фракции      = 
}}
'''To Strife: Praise Nikador''' — одна из [[Книги|книг]], которую можно найти на [[Amphoreus]].

==Локация==
{{Отметка карты|<!--название карты-->|<!--id отметки-->}}

==To Strife: Praise Nikador==
''Before a campaign, Kremnoan citizens will organize a blood ritual, igniting Nikador's might with slaughter, singing hymns over the wails of the sacrificial tribute.''

The Undefeated, Overlord of Battlefields, King of Castrum Kremnos and the Ruins,<br />
Grand Artisan of Chariots, the Throne of Corpses, Father of Victory,<br />
The tyrant of glories, lightning that shatters earth and seas, Guardian of Amphoreus,<br />
Strife Titan, Lance of Fury, Nikador.

Commander to whom the world should bow, the eternally edged weapon, the law of Strife and that which severs strife.<br />
Praise Nikador, the greatest conqueror, the greatest protector.<br />
You are the tyrant of all defeated, solely bearing all wounds of the world on your back.

You were once the lightning spear of the firmament, the worldsplitting spine.<br />
Hewing of the River of Souls, survivors unto dead waters.<br />
Unceasing flames of war, pyre of high graves.<br />
The sky-piercing lance, the ruination of night and light.

The vanquished behold woe, glory to all honorable dead, the fallen feeds my might.<br />
Fury falls, and all bows to Strife &mdash;<br />
Sentinels who stand fast between the skies and earth, repel the enemy hordes and safeguard the peace of the myriad cities!<br />
Calamity eternal casting devastation on myriad cities, turning foes to ash!

==На других языках==
{{На других языках
|en   = To Strife: Praise Nikador
|zhs  = 致纷争：礼赞尼卡多利
|zht  = 致紛爭：禮讚尼卡多利
|ja   = 紛争へ：ニカドリーを称えて
|ko   = 분쟁을 향해: 니카도르 예찬
|es   = Para el Conflicto: Alabado sea Nikador
|fr   = Au Conflit&nbsp;: Loué soit Nikador
|ru   = На раздор! Славься, Никадор
|th   = แด่ปฏิปักษ์: สรรเสริญ Nikador
|vi   = Gửi Titan Phân Tranh: Ca Ngợi Nikador
|de   = An den Zwist: Gelobt sei Nikador
|id   = Untuk Pertikaian: Puji Nikador
|pt   = Ao Conflito: Ode a Nikador
}}

==История изменений==
{{История изменений|3.5}}

[[en:]]