<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Неотправленный регулярный отчёт по Роще#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Дополнить}}
{{Книга Инфобокс
|id           = 501
|partIds      = 190825
|Название     = Undelivered Grove Report
|Изображение  = Предмет Книга Амфореус 2.png
|Мир          = Amphoreus
|Томов        = 1
|Автор        = <!--нужно добавить-->
|Описание     = A regular correspondence between the Grove of Epiphany and Okhema that was never delivered due to disasters.
|Том1         = {{tx}}
|Источник1    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Персонажи    = Cerces
|Фракции      = Okhema
}}
'''Undelivered Grove Report''' — одна из [[Книги|книг]], которую можно найти на [[Amphoreus]].

==Локация==
{{Отметка карты|<!--название карты-->|<!--id отметки-->}}

==Неотправленный регулярный отчёт по Роще==
To our neighbors in the Holy City:<br />
Second communication of Light Calendar 4931.<br />
• Achievement Report<br />
• Financial Request<br />
• Resource Request<br />
• Miscellaneous

{{Размер|28|Achievement Report}}<br />
1. Lotophagism<br />
No significant progress on using herbs to resist black tide corrosion.<br />
New improved grain variety yields increased 800%.

2. Caprism<br />
New chimera recovery potion development successful, experiments show 87% average seasonal work efficiency increase (±6%, depending on individual variation)<br />
Long-term report: "Changes three years after leaving World Wound Web"

3. Erythrokeramism<br />
Research Report: The emotional effects of color when viewed in human vision (see attachment)<br />
Research Report: Minimal units of art

4. Nodism<br />
Research Report: Information encryption and decryption protocol updates<br />
Research Report: Thoughts on fractal structures &mdash; can we predict everything?

5. Venerationism<br />
Multi-faith ceremonial implements still in development, Calamity Titan content postponed.

6. Helkolithism<br />
Our achievement will be this messenger, who shall run from the Grove to Okhema within two days. Bear witness!

7. Nousporism<br />
No reports submitted.

{{Размер|28|Financial Request}}<br />
Regular funding 30,000,000<br />
New research sponsorship 5,000,000<br />
Messenger compensation 5,420<br />
Writing fee (by character count) 40.1<br />
Total:<br />
Balance Coins 35,005,460.1<br />
Due to calculation issues, ".1" may be omitted.

{{Размер|28|Resource Request}}<br />
Blank slates &times;5,000<br />
Teleslate &times;1 (severely damaged)<br />
Latest copy of Gene Bank records

{{Размер|28|Other}}<br />
The Grove wishes to employ several Mountain Dwellers for basic security duties, providing food and lodging.

May Cerces's grace be with us.<br /> <div align="right">&mdash; Scholars of the Grove of Epiphany</div>

==На других языках==
{{На других языках
|en   = Undelivered Grove Report
|zhs  = 未寄出的树庭定期报告
|zht  = 未寄出的樹庭定期報告
|ja   = 送ることのできなかった樹庭の定期報告書
|ko   = 부치지 못한 나무 정원의 정기 보고서
|es   = Informe periódico no enviado del Soto
|fr   = Rapport du Bosquet non livré
|ru   = Неотправленный регулярный отчёт Рощи
|th   = รายงานประจำลานพฤกษ์ (ที่ยังไม่ได้ส่ง)
|vi   = Báo Cáo Điện Cây Định Kỳ Chưa Gửi
|de   = Nicht zugestellter Periodischer Bericht vom Hain
|id   = Laporan Berkala Grove yang Belum Dikirim
|pt   = Relatório Não Enviado Sobre o Bosque
}}

==История изменений==
{{История изменений|3.5}}

[[en:]]