<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#A Hymn of Charmonic Strings#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Дополнить}}
{{Книга Инфобокс
|id           = 325
|partIds      = 190598
|Название     = ''A Hymn of Charmonic Strings''
|Изображение  = Предмет Книга Пенакония.png
|Мир          = Penacony
|Томов        = 1
|Автор        = <!--нужно добавить-->
|Описание     = A long poem composed by The Family, recounting the descent of the various manifestations of Xipe, the Thousand-Faced Great One.
|Том1         = {{tx}}
|Источник1    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Персонажи    = Xipe
|Фракции      = 
}}
'''''A Hymn of Charmonic Strings''''' — одна из [[Книги|книг]], которую можно найти на [[Penacony]].

==Локация==
{{Отметка карты|<!--название карты-->|<!--id отметки-->}}

==A Hymn of Charmonic Strings==
O, Great One of Paradise,<br />
Prayers you suckle from the millions gathered here, and the masses' heartstrings you play,<br />
Stars trace your fingers and command all living's law and authority.<br />
Dominicus, do you hear?<br />
The road ahead is dark without anything.<br />
Thus authority points to the right, and the chaos coalesces into a river of stars,<br />
Thus law points to the left, and that which hinders vanish into mist,<br />
Sweet dreams nowadays have manifested, and the gazillions of old laws have all faded away.

O, Great One of Paradise,<br />
I sing praises in the fountain of your performance, calling for the love of the fathomless sky,<br />
Within the theater, there lies a mercy that appeases and offers salvation to the world.<br />
Constantina, do you hear?<br /> The audience's tears are washing this face.<br />
Should you sing, then the sun will shine for you,<br />
Should you play music, then filth will speed to slumber,<br />
The Thousand Faces' plays shall never cease, and the eternal theaters forever linked.

O, Great One of Paradise,<br />
Caress this scripture that is stained by blood on the battlefield, and kiss my longsword of bone and soul,<br />
Life is howling, and the sharp blade of streaming colors hangs high.<br />
Aelenev, do you hear?<br />
The soldiers' bones are buried at the end of the world.<br />
Comrades' whisper united, and the gospel can be heard for miles long,<br />
Blissful rain pours out thus, and one person equals to thousands.<br />
Thought they be the invincible steeds and death, they too long for their home deep in their soul.

O, Great One of Paradise,<br />
I invite you to cast your gaze upon the other side of brilliance, and to attend the feast of this paradise.<br />
The world is a ball, laughter resounds till the end.<br />
Beatriz, do you hear?<br /> Singing, dancing, joys transcend.<br />
Sorrows have nowhere to hide, and desire tiptoes,<br />
Feast! Feast! Boundless happiness! Boundless happiness!<br />
Even babes show a smiling face. Dance! Dance! Towards that honey-sweet paradise.

...

==На других языках==
{{На других языках
|en   = ''A Hymn of Charmonic Strings''
|zhs  = 《众弦万相歌》
|zht  = 《眾弦萬相歌》
|ja   = 『衆弦万相歌』
|ko   = ≪현들의 만상가≫
|es   = Himno de cuerdas carismónicas
|fr   = ''Chant des cordes''
|ru   = «Гимн гармонических струн»
|th   = "ลำนำหลากสาย"
|vi   = "Giai Điệu Vạn Cung Đàn"
|de   = „Eine Hymne aus harmonischen Saiten“
|id   = "Senandung Senar Harmoni"
|pt   = Um Hino de Cordas Harmônicas
}}

==История изменений==
{{История изменений|3.5}}

[[en:]]