<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Nickodeum Cinemas Special Feature: Night of Fright#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Дополнить}}
{{Книга Инфобокс
|id           = 294
|partIds      = 190549
|Название     = ''Nickodeum Cinemas Special Feature: Night of Fright''
|Изображение  = Предмет Журнал Пенакония.png
|Мир          = Penacony
|Томов        = 1
|Автор        = <!--нужно добавить-->
|Описание     = A flyer for Nickodeum Cinemas' "Night of Fright Special Screening" with relevant information and the screening list printed on it.
|Том1         = {{tx}}
|Источник1    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Персонажи    = 
|Фракции      = Penacony
}}
'''''Nickodeum Cinemas Special Feature: Night of Fright''''' — одна из [[Книги|книг]], которую можно найти на [[Penacony]].

==Локация==
{{Отметка карты|<!--название карты-->|<!--id отметки-->}}

==Nickodeum Cinemas Special Feature: Night of Fright==
<div align="center">Grady Films Presents!<br />
A special Penacony "Night of Fright"-themed cinema extravaganza

'''Please note:'''</div><br />* This event is only available at Grady Films' Nickodeum Cinemas for a limited time. Please bring cash and purchase tickets on-site at the cinema.<br />
* This is a special small-scale screening. Tickets are limited and available while stocks last.<br />
* Screening may be impacted by (including but not limited to) gang violence, raids, interruption by the Dreamjolt Troupe, and more. If you discover that the audience around you is not humanoid, or if screen characters jump into reality, please find a nearby staff member and evacuate the premises immediately.<br />
* The cinema is not responsible for any symptoms experienced after the viewing of this movie.<br />
* Please enjoy your viewing experience.

<div align="center">'''"Night of Fright" Screening List:'''</div>

'''''Burn, Penacony, Burn!'' Drama/Action Horror/2157 AE'''<br />
Director: Pierre Eisen<br />
Synopsis: Destruction! Burning! Screaming! A young policeman is ordered to fight against a dreamscape monster that is destroying the city. But no matter what happens, his fate and the fate of this city have already been decided.<br />
''"Burn! This is the art of explosion!"''

'''''Avenue of the Stars' Night of Fright'' Drama/Suspense-comedy/2155 AE'''<br />
Director: Jeffrey Ruffalo<br />
Synopsis: A vicious serial killer has slipped into Penacony to try and assassinate a movie star. But the mission goes far from smoothly thanks to a finance mogul with stacks of cash, a runaway rich lady, and a hotel butler harboring secret intentions. Worlds collide in a hilarious comedy inside the hotel.<br />
''"Until you step onto the Avenue of the Stars, anything is possible."''

'''''Bizarro Troupe'' Animation/Fantasy thriller/2153 AE'''<br />
Director: Kirara Milala<br />
Synopsis: A group of deformed puppets retires from the Sweet Dreams Troupe on a journey to discover their true selves. Watch out, this gang of rascals is going to bring unimaginable disaster to the sleepy town of Penacony!<br />
''"What does your heart taste like? Is it fizzy like SoulGlad, or is it oil like a machine cog?"''

'''''Manic Mania'' Drama/Post-apocalyptic/2155 AE'''<br />
Director: Ariel Ann<br />
Synopsis: After the apocalypse, Penacony's dreamscape became a wasteland of sand as speeding riders rule the world. One manic young girl, Mania, roams among the rider gangs exacting brutal revenge on every sinner who dares to bully the weak...<br />
''"Never try to follow your dreams in Penacony. It never worked back then, and it doesn't work now."''

'''''Twelve Hours'' Drama/Urban Crime/2156 AE'''<br />
Director: An amateur director who wishes to remain anonymous<br />
Synopsis: The Planet of Festivities has no place for evil and crime! A member of the Bloodhound Family is pursuing a fugitive across the Dreamscape's Twelve Hours, but as the case progresses, they discover a dark secret about themselves...<br />
''"...Happy Penacony! Joyful Penacony!"''

'''''Penacony's Past'' Documentary/Historical/2149 AE'''<br />
Director: ■■■■<br />
Synopsis: In 2149 AE, Penacony lay in a state of disorder as McCoy Tyner, Grady's Supervisory Board Director, was shot and killed as rebels led by ■■■ and ■■■ put out a call for resistance.<br />
''"Yes, Penacony needs to remember their names."''

"Several places in the documentary synopsis have been redacted to obfuscate names. Someone has written in large red letters below:"<br />
{{Цвет|Огненный|'''&mdash; This movie has been removed from the screening selection.'''}}

==На других языках==
{{На других языках
|en   = ''Nickodeum Cinemas Special Feature: Night of Fright''
|zhs  = 《镍币影院特别放映：惊魂之夜》
|zht  = 《鎳幣影院特別放映：驚魂之夜》
|ja   = 『ニッケルシアター特別上映：スリルナイト』
|ko   = ≪니켈 영화관 특별 상영: 아찔한 밤≫
|es   = «Reportaje especial de Cinemas Nickodeum: Noche de terror»
|fr   = ''Projection spéciale des Cinémas Nickodéum : Nuit de l'épouvante''
|ru   = Особое событие в сети кинотеатров «Никелус»: Ночь страха
|th   = "โรงภาพยนตร์ Nickodeum รอบพิเศษ: ค่ำคืนขนหัวลุก"
|vi   = "Suất Chiếu Đặc Biệt Của Rạp Nickodeum: Đêm Kinh Hoàng"
|de   = „Filmspecial im Kino Nickodeum: Nacht der Angst“
|id   = "Pemutaran Film Spesial Bioskop Nickodeum: Malam Menakutkan"
|pt   = "Apresentação Especial do Nickodeum Cinemas: Noite Aterrorizante"
}}

==История изменений==
{{История изменений|3.5}}

[[en:]]