<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Odes of Harmony#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Дополнить}}
{{Книга Инфобокс
|id           = 326
|partIds      = 190599
|Название     = ''Odes of Harmony''
|Изображение  = Предмет Книга Пенакония.png
|Мир          = Penacony
|Томов        = 1
|Автор        = <!--нужно добавить-->
|Описание     = An ancient hymn composed by The Family. It venerates Xipe, the Aeon of Harmony, and resonates throughout the universe.
|Том1         = {{tx}}
|Источник1    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Персонажи    = 
|Фракции      = 
}}
'''''Odes of Harmony''''' — одна из [[Книги|книг]], которую можно найти на [[Penacony]].

==Локация==
{{Отметка карты|<!--название карты-->|<!--id отметки-->}}

==Odes of Harmony==
The world is in harmony and the stars shine bright.<br />
Praise the Lord! All are connected and the winds of blessing breathe across the lands!

O, Mother of myriad households, kingdoms, and realms!<br />
Your mighty arm dissolves enmity, guiding the lost towards penitence's path.<br />
Into your realm, the virtuous find solace, peace bestowed, sorrows and strife released.

We serve the Harmonic Strings due to the blessings of the god, and the Harmonic Strings play music to honor the Great One.<br />
In Harmony's embrace, all plagues disperse, eternal praises resound across the earth!<br />
Your myriad forms grant salvation, grace descending with each dawn!

Heaven and earth rejoice as one. The universe gleams in your radiant presence. Your pristine blessings fill the universe!<br />
All beings entwined in blissful Harmony, sharing that happiness and joy, basked in the sweet rain of your divine love!

O, Lord of myriad hearts, minds, and souls!<br />
Your sacred decree resonates, discord banished, the affluent urged towards generosity.<br />
Barren lands transformed into boundless havens, the houses swell in wealthy, an endless expanse of your grace.

We serve the Harmonic Strings due to the blessings of the god, and the Harmonic Strings play music to honor the Great One.<br />
Harmony's grace, hearts and minds entwine, all voices sing as one!<br />
Amidst endless darkness you radiate. outshines all the stars in the heavens!

==На других языках==
{{На других языках
|en   = ''Odes of Harmony''
|zhs  = 《谐乐颂》
|zht  = 《諧樂頌》
|ja   = 『調和の歌』
|ko   = ≪조화의 송가≫
|es   = Oda a la Armonía
|fr   = ''Odes de l'Harmonie''
|ru   = «Ода гармонии»
|th   = "บทกวีปิติปรองดอง"
|vi   = "Khúc Ca Hòa Hợp"
|de   = „Oden der Harmonie“
|id   = "Ode Harmoni"
|pt   = "Odes à Harmonia"
}}

==История изменений==
{{История изменений|3.5}}

[[en:]]