<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Treasure Clues Provided by Someone Mysterious#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Дополнить}}
{{Книга Инфобокс
|id           = 358
|partIds      = 190648;190649;190650;190651;190652;190653
|Название     = 
|Изображение  = Предмет Книга Пенакония.png
|Мир          = Penacony
|Томов        = 6
|Автор        = <!--нужно добавить-->
|Описание     = Treasure clues given to you by someone mysterious
|Том1         = {{tx}}
|Источник1    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Том2         = {{tx}}
|Источник2    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Том3         = {{tx}}
|Источник3    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Том4         = {{tx}}
|Источник4    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Том5         = {{tx}}
|Источник5    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Том6         = {{tx}}
|Источник6    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Персонажи    = 
|Фракции      = 
}}
'''Treasure Clues Provided by Someone Mysterious''' — одна из 6 частей [[Книги|книг]], которую можно найти на [[Penacony]].

==Локация==
{{Отметка карты|<!--название карты-->|<!--id отметки-->}}

==Treasure Clues Provided by Someone Mysterious==
===The Unchosen Path (I)===
Go to the Audition Shuttle in the Audition Plaza. Make a third choice. Reunite with your people at the end of the road.

===The Unchosen Path (II)===
Go to the Audition Shuttle in the Audition Plaza. Make a third choice. Head to the end of the road and confront your nemesis.

===The Unchosen Path (III)===
The Audition Shuttle heading to the Dreamplay Fantasia. Make a third choice. Hanunue's spirit will be summoned once more, still engaged in an eternal battle with his enemies.

===The Unchosen Path (IV)===
The Audition Shuttle heading to the Dreamplay Fantasia. Make a third choice. While the spirit of the clock has long departed, its golden heart still resides in the realm of dreams and can be repaired.

===The Unchosen Path (V)===
The Audition Shuttle heading to the Gunfire Time. Make a third choice. The era is overwhelmingly flustered and vain. If only there were a gale to sweep away all the billboards.

===The Unchosen Path (VI)===
The Audition Shuttle heading to the Gunfire Time. Make a third choice. Head to the end of the road and restore peace to Dreamville once more.

==На других языках==
{{На других языках
|en   = Treasure Clues Provided by Someone Mysterious
|zhs  = 神秘人交给你的线索
|zht  = 神秘人交給你的線索
|ja   = 謎の人物からもらった手掛かり
|ko   = 신비한 사람이 당신에게 건넨 단서
|es   = Pistas que te dio un personaje misterioso
|fr   = Indices sur des trésors qu'une mystérieuse personne vous a donnés
|ru   = Подсказки о сокровище от кого-то очень таинственного
|th   = เบาะแสที่บุคคลลึกลับมอบให้คุณ
|vi   = Manh Mối Do Người Bí Ẩn Đưa Cho Bạn
|de   = Schatzhinweise von einer mysteriösen Person
|id   = Petunjuk dari Orang Misterius
|pt   = Pistas de Tesouro Fornecidas por uma Pessoa Misteriosa
}}

==История изменений==
{{История изменений|3.5}}

[[en:]]