<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Great Mine Code of Conduct#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Дополнить}}
{{Книга Инфобокс
|id           = 015
|partIds      = 190119
|Название     = 
|Изображение  = Предмет Записи.png
|Мир          = Jarilo-VI
|Томов        = 1
|Автор        = <!--нужно добавить-->
|Описание     = A notice detailing exactly what the residents of the Great Mine can and cannot do.
|Том1         = {{tx}}
|Источник1    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Персонажи    = 
|Фракции      = 
}}
'''Great Mine Code of Conduct''' — одна из [[Книги|книг]], которую можно найти на [[Jarilo-VI]].

==Локация==
{{Отметка карты|<!--название карты-->|<!--id отметки-->}}

==Great Mine Code of Conduct==
<div align="center">Mine Dorm Rules

Eight Can-Dos</div>

I. Obey the arrangement of the administrative of the Great Mine.

II. Respect the working hours of the mine dormitory. Lights must be turned off after 11:00 PM to avoid affecting the other miners.

III. Keep quiet and maintain order in the mine dormitory

IV. Keep the mine dormitory clean and tidy. Be careful of public properties.

V. Respect the housekeeping duty roster.

VI. Allow miners' relatives. Relatives should also obey Mine Dorm Rules.

VII. Be aware of safety precautions. Report any accidents or harassment by Vagrants in the mine dormitory area.

VIII. Learn self-rescue and emergency escape methods. Obey the administrative's command when encountering accidents.


<div align="center">Eight Cannot-Dos</div>

I. Do not shout, fight, or visit others during your rest time.

II. Do not use private Geomarrow Energy devices or open fire in the mine dormitory

III. Do not bring dangerous items into the mine dormitory (such as knives, explosives detonators, etc.).

IV. Do not leave valuables in the mine dormitory. The dorm is not responsible for any losses or stolen items if Vagrants break in.

V. Do not use any gambling props for activities in the mine dormitory.

VI. Do not let anyone outside of the mining team (especially Vagrants) into the mine dormitory.

VII. Do not desecrate any public property in the mine dormitory and separate rooms.

VIII. Do not stay in the mine dormitory during working hours.

==На других языках==
{{На других языках
|en   = Great Mine Code of Conduct
|zhs  = 大矿区生活守则
|zht  = 大礦區生活守則
|ja   = 大鉱区の生活ルール
|ko   = 큰 광산구역의 생활수칙
|es   = Código de conducta de la mina principal
|fr   = Code de conduite de la Grande mine
|ru   = Кодекс Большой шахты
|th   = กฎการใช้ชีวิตในโซนเหมืองใหญ่
|vi   = Quy Tắc Sinh Hoạt Ở Khu Mỏ Khổng Lồ
|de   = Verhaltenskodex der großen Mine
|id   = Tata Tertib Kehidupan Great Mine
|pt   = Código de Conduta da Grande Mina
}}

==История изменений==
{{История изменений|3.5}}

[[en:]]