<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#March's Trailblazing Diary#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Дополнить}}
{{Книга Инфобокс
|id           = 590
|partIds      = 191929
|Название     = 
|Изображение  = Иконка Книга.png
|Мир          = Jarilo-VI
|Томов        = 1
|Автор        = <!--нужно добавить-->
|Описание     = With her new Belobog journal in hand, March wanted to reminisce about her travels before reaching the frozen city.
|Том1         = {{tx}}
|Источник1    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Персонажи    = 
|Фракции      = Capital of Passion; Interastral Peace Corporation; The Nameless
}}
'''March's Trailblazing Diary''' — одна из [[Книги|книг]], которую можно найти на [[Jarilo-VI]].

==Локация==
{{Отметка карты|<!--название карты-->|<!--id отметки-->}}

==March's Trailblazing Diary==
I've had this notebook from Bronya for quite some time now.<br />
I really did plan to document our past Trailblazing expeditions!<br />
I promised to help (Trailblazer) catch up on everything, after all...<br />
But... but! Whenever I get serious about writing, '''something way more fun''' always happens!<br /> {{Размер|28|Every! Single! Time!}}<br />
Is (Trailblazer) some kind of comedy genius?<br />
Today {{MC|ж=she|м=he}}'s been roped into a big cleanup for the Express, so I finally have my chance!<br />
Wait... Why does this make me sound like I'm up to no good?<br />
But hey, everything happened ages ago, your memory's a bit fuzzy, so you'll have to forgive any gaps.<br />
...Hang on, who am I even being polite to?

'''{{Размер|28|Capital of Passion}}'''<br />
Capital of Passion is a small commercial world with heavy interstellar trading activity.<br />
Dan Heng told me that the entire planet belongs to the Corporation now? Seriously, what won't the IPC buy?

The day Mr. Yang and I arrived at the Capital of Passion, we were immediately detained by the "Commune State Enforcers."<br />
They had this whole conspiracy theory about us working with the "Messengers" to smuggle some "Neural Syntax Virus."<br />
Hmm, technically... it's not... untrue.<br />
But let's get things straight, we were working under contract from the geniuses to recover the virus.<br />
And accusing us of "smuggling" is too much! This is obviously the magnates trying to keep the virus for themselves.

By the way, the Messengers is quite a famed organization at the Capital of Passion.<br />
The Capital of Passion's network stream and transit system are under complete control by the magnates.<br />
So these Messengers transport classified data packages physically.<br />
Old school, right? It's like using carrier pigeons in a digital world.<br />
Except in this dystopia, any unauthorized "pigeon" gets blasted out of the sky by Enforcer auto-turrets.

Long story short... I can't remember how it started or finished, but we ended up at this massive concert broadcast throughout the cosmos... <br />The "Neural Syntax Virus" transmitted through language, meaning everyone at the "concert" would get "infected."<br />
Thanks to a local Messenger named Broadster, we managed to neutralize the "virus" and prevent its spread.<br />
I'm definitely downplaying how exciting it all was!<br />
But the important part is that we stopped a disaster, the show continued as planned, and everything worked out perfectly in the end.

Well, we the Nameless saved the universe one more time.

'''{{Размер|28|Kalsas}}'''<br />
A planet entirely made of clay.<br />
That's right. Every single creature there is clay-based.<br />
I thought we'd find a gooey, sticky mess...<br />
But surprise! The place is completely parched. Water is extremely scarce there.<br />
Interestingly, rain is considered a natural disaster there. The peace-loving Kalsasians pray for drought while other planets beg for rain.

The IPC made a high-profile announcement about bringing Kalsas into the interstellar market, pushing tourism initiatives...<br />
But the whole Cosmos knows the truth. The IPC came to make the clay people spit out their rare earths.<br />
Sigh, IPC.<br />
Sigh, capitalism.<br />
Those two sighs? Learned them online not long ago. Felt oddly fitting.

By all accounts, the clay people's tech level should be pretty low, right?<br />
Turns out, that's not the case. The IPC has been rolling out free "cyber-enhancement" programs on the ground.<br />
They embed silicon substrates into clay bodies, boosting their cognitive circuits by several orders of magnitude...<br />
But as a trade-off, they can no longer shift forms at will, and they've lost their durability.<br />
...Feels like the clay people aren't really clay people anymore.

These days, even if tourism is just a gimmick, we've still been having a good time.<br />
If I get the chance, I want to take (Trailblazer) to the place where we once went bungee jumping!

'''{{Размер|28|Taikiyan}}'''<br />
Nowadays, every time someone mentions Taikiyan, everyone on the Express goes,<br />
"Isn't that the place where March smashed up the Taikiyan Stadium?"<br />
Just forget about that!<br />
There's really no point clinging to something like that!

Sure, I was the one steering the landing pod,<br />
But! Even someone as level-headed as Dan Heng couldn't stop me!<br />
That proves it wasn't so simple!<br />
At the very least, when people remember this incident, they should be saying,<br />
"Isn't that where March and Dan Heng wrecked the Taikiyan Stadium?"

Dan Heng and I ended up in jail for a few days, until Mr. Yang came to get us out...<br />
"Every three worlds we visit, we somehow end up behind bars."<br />
...Could this really be some kind of mysterious pattern?<br />
Does Belobog count this time...? I mean, we were wanted, but we didn't actually go to jail!<br />
And with that, we broke the mysterious curse!

Even though I don't really get Roboball matches, I'll go watch if I've got tickets!<br />
When our team's ahead, I yell and cheer with the crowd.<br />
When we're losing, I feel just as tense as everyone else.<br />
It's like I'm actually playing in the match myself, just as excited, just as worn out!

Hmm... What was the name of that team I supported again?<br />
Before I take (Trailblazer) to Taikiyan next time, I've gotta become a real fan first!

''*...The entry cuts off here. Maybe the "big cleanup" was finished, and something even more fun came up.*''

==На других языках==
{{На других языках
|en   = March's Trailblazing Diary
|zhs  = 小三月的开拓手账本
|zht  = 小三月的開拓手帳本
|ja   = なのの開拓手帳
|ko   = Mar. 7th의 개척 다이어리
|es   = Diario trazacaminos de Marzo
|fr   = Journal de voyage de March
|ru   = Дневник Освоения Март 7
|th   = บันทึกการบุกเบิกของ March
|vi   = Sổ Tay Khai Phá Của March
|de   = Märzchens Trailblaze-Notizbuch
|id   = Buku Catatan Perintisan March
|pt   = Diário de Desbravamento da Março
}}

==История изменений==
{{История изменений|null}}

[[en:]]