<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Miner's Medical Certificate#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Дополнить}}
{{Книга Инфобокс
|id           = 070
|partIds      = 190193
|Название     = 
|Изображение  = Предмет Записи.png
|Мир          = Jarilo-VI
|Томов        = 1
|Автор        = <!--нужно добавить-->
|Описание     = A valuable medical certificate of miner's disease.
|Том1         = {{tx}}
|Источник1    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Персонажи    = 
|Фракции      = 
}}
'''Miner's Medical Certificate''' — одна из [[Книги|книг]], которую можно найти на [[Jarilo-VI]].

==Локация==
{{Отметка карты|<!--название карты-->|<!--id отметки-->}}

==Miner's Medical Certificate==
<div align="right">Reference Number: 100451

{{Размер|+2|Medical Certificate}}</div>

[Name]:<br />
Alger

[Gender]:<br />
Male

[Infection History]:<br />
A member of the third mining team. Long-term exposure to Geomarrow crystals, crystalline dust, and noise.

[Symptoms]:<br />
1. Dyspnea, accompanied by nasal obstruction, hemoptysis, chest pains, and pulmonary dysfunction. Difficulty lying down and edema of lower limbs.<br />
2. Hearing loss, severe tinnitus, occasional auditory hallucinations, and severe insomnia.<br />
3. The patient's emotional regulation function is damaged. Hard to stabilize the patient's mental state. Frequent episodes of anger, impulsion, and depression.

[Doctor's Advice]:<br />
The patient has been mining Geomarrow for over five consecutive years and has severe symptoms of pneumoconiosis.<br />
It is suspected that he failed to strictly follow safety protocols, which exposed his respiratory tract to working environment and caused infection. His physical condition will make it impossible for him to continue working in the mines.

[Doctor] (Signature):<br /><div align="right">Natasha</div>

[Appendix]:<br />
Suggest thoroughly inspecting the safety and quality of the protective equipment.

==На других языках==
{{На других языках
|en   = Miner's Medical Certificate
|zhs  = 矿工病诊断书
|zht  = 礦工病診斷書
|ja   = 鉱夫病診断書
|ko   = 광부의 의료 진단서
|es   = Certificado médico de un minero
|fr   = Certificat médical de mineur
|ru   = Медицинская справка шахтёра
|th   = ใบรับรองแพทย์ของคนงานเหมือง
|vi   = Sách Chẩn Đoán Bệnh Thợ Mỏ
|de   = Ärztliches Attest eines Bergarbeiters
|id   = Diagnosis Penyakit Penambang
|pt   = Atestado Médico de Minerador
}}

==История изменений==
{{История изменений|3.5}}

[[en:]]