<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Mine Poison Antidote Inhalant Manual#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Дополнить}}
{{Книга Инфобокс
|id           = 022
|partIds      = 190127
|Название     = 
|Изображение  = Предмет Записи.png
|Мир          = Jarilo-VI
|Томов        = 1
|Автор        = <!--нужно добавить-->
|Описание     = A piece of paper recording some form of prescription. It could temporarily alleviate the pain of those in the Underworld suffering from the complicated miner's disease.
|Том1         = {{tx}}
|Источник1    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Персонажи    = 
|Фракции      = 
}}
'''Mine Poison Antidote Inhalant Manual''' — одна из [[Книги|книг]], которую можно найти на [[Jarilo-VI]].

==Локация==
{{Отметка карты|<!--название карты-->|<!--id отметки-->}}

==Mine Poison Antidote Inhalant Manual==
<div align="center">{{Размер|+2|Mine Poison Antidote Inhalant Manual}}<br />
Please read the instructions carefully and use according to the instructions or under the guidance of your physician.</div>

[Drug Name]<br />
Mine Poison Antidote Inhalant Manual

[Ingredients]<br />
This product is a compound. Every gram contains 400 mg of Crystalline Lizard extract and 110 mg of Blue Lamp Umbrella extract. Other ingredients include the animal fat of various underground organisms, which is not fixed.

Properties<br />
This product is a fiber tubing, which is to be inserted in the wooden sleeve for nasal inhalation. It has a pungent yet stimulating scent.

Category<br />
This product is an over-the-counter medicine in otorhinolaryngology.

Purpose<br />
Used for mild dyspnea caused by the inhalation of Geomarrow dust.

[Specifications]<br />
Each tube weighs 0.675 grams, containing 0.27 grams of Crystalline Lizard extract and 0.075 grams of Blue Lamp Umbrella extract.

Pharmacological Effects<br />
This product is a blood vessel irritant composed of crystalline lizard extract, Blue Lamp Umbrella extract, and animal fats. It enters through the nasal blood vessels and decomposes Geomarrow dust, easing the effects of vascular fibrosis.

Usage<br />
Please do not directly use the drug in an environment exposed to Geomarrow dust.<br />
When using, unfasten the covering and place the wooden sleeve to one side of the nostril. Press the other side with your other finger and take two or three deep breaths.

[Side Effects]<br />
Very rare cases showed a rejection and allergic reaction, causing swelling inside the nasal cavity resulting in suffocation.<br />
No other side effects being reported.

[Precautions]<br />
Not known. Please follow the usage instructions and dosages. Do not overdose.

==На других языках==
{{На других языках
|en   = Mine Poison Antidote Inhalant Manual
|zhs  = 矿毒清鼻用吸入剂说明书
|zht  = 礦毒清鼻用吸入劑說明書
|ja   = 対鉱毒鼻腔用吸入剤の説明書
|ko   = 광독 제거 비강 흡입제 사용설명서
|es   = Prospecto del inhalador contra el veneno de la mina
|fr   = Manuel d'utilisation de l'inhalateur d'antidote contre le poison de mine
|ru   = Инструкция к назальному ингалятору для защиты от подземного газа
|th   = คู่มือยาดมล้างพิษแร่
|vi   = Hướng Dẫn Sử Dụng Thuốc Hít Làm Sạch Mũi Khỏi Độc Khoáng
|de   = Anleitung für inhalierbares Minengift-Gegenmittel
|id   = Manual Obat Hirup Penangkal Racun Tambang
|pt   = Manual de Inalação de Antídoto para Veneno da Mina
}}

==История изменений==
{{История изменений|3.5}}

[[en:]]