<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Confession Letter#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Дополнить}}
{{Книга Инфобокс
|id           = 078
|partIds      = 190202
|Название     = 
|Изображение  = Журнал с КСГ.png
|Мир          = Herta Space Station
|Томов        = 1
|Автор        = <!--нужно добавить-->
|Описание     = Gunn Konolev's confession letter for conducting a certain mysterious experiment within the space station.
|Том1         = {{tx}}
|Источник1    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Персонажи    = 
|Фракции      = 
}}
'''Confession Letter''' — одна из [[Книги|книг]], которую можно найти на [[Herta Space Station]].

==Локация==
{{Отметка карты|<!--название карты-->|<!--id отметки-->}}

==Confession Letter==
<div align="center">Written by Gunn Konolev</div>

Several significant things contributed to my unwavering motivation as a researcher in the early years of my career: My inherent curiosity, my view of justice untainted by reality, and the agony of being powerless in the face of the loss of my youth and my motherland.

Because of these conflicting emotions, I've written lots of books about cosmic justice, planetary history, and malevolent factions. In my works, I investigated the order of chaos and the future of the universe, and I once thought the past, present, and future of the cosmos were already within my grasp, until... that incident happened and revealed that I was only a researcher after all. When reality hit, I couldn't stop the powerful from destroying people's lives, nor could I save the helpless people who were dying.

As a result, in the final years of my career, I ceased investigating justice. For people without power, justice is an overly lofty concept. {{Цвет|Огненный|'''I intend to undertake a secret experiment inside the space station at the end of my life.'''}} Lead Researcher Asta has agreed to my request.

I'll try not to bother anyone with this experiment &mdash; I realize it's an unreasonable request, so here's my confession&mdash;this experiment is only a minor substitute for my abandonment of justice, just to fulfill a small wish of mine.

==На других языках==
{{На других языках
|en   = Confession Letter
|zhs  = 告罪书
|zht  = 自白書
|ja   = 自白書
|ko   = 자백서
|es   = Confesión de culpabilidad
|fr   = Lettre de confession
|ru   = Исповедь
|th   = คำสารภาพ
|vi   = Thư Tố Cáo
|de   = Schuldbekenntnis
|id   = Surat Pengakuan
|pt   = Carta de Confissão
}}

==История изменений==
{{История изменений|3.5}}

[[en:]]