<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Dr. Ratio's Note#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Дополнить}}
{{Книга Инфобокс
|id           = 289
|partIds      = 190539;190540;190541;190542
|Название     = 
|Изображение  = Электронная почта с КСГ.png
|Мир          = Herta Space Station
|Томов        = 4
|Автор        = <!--нужно добавить-->
|Описание     = Dr. Ratio's feedback during his "visit" to the space station. His words show his sincerity.
|Том1         = {{tx}}
|Источник1    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Том2         = {{tx}}
|Источник2    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Том3         = {{tx}}
|Источник3    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Том4         = {{tx}}
|Источник4    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Персонажи    = Skaracabaz
|Фракции      = Intelligentsia Guild; Technology Department
}}
'''Dr. Ratio's Note''' — одна из 4 частей [[Книги|книг]], которую можно найти на [[Herta Space Station]].

==Локация==
{{Отметка карты|<!--название карты-->|<!--id отметки-->}}

==Dr. Ratio's Note==
===(I)===
<div align="center">About Snacks</div><br />The snacks are crawling around everywhere.<br />
All the space station researchers should be fired. I've never seen a lab as messy as this...<br />
Or are these snacks running the lab? This is rude and unacceptable.

===(II)===
<div align="center">About Skaracabaz</div>

It's always go big or go home for these geniuses. The Technology Department will never be able to come up with such a nonsensical research method.<br />
If you see this note, I wish you luck. I would turn around right now if I were you.

===(III)===
In the Intelligentsia Guild, there are often mediocre scholars who are ambitious to make it big. They don't understand that the truth is dangerous, and a fool's imprudent pursuit of knowledge will only bring disaster upon themselves.<br />
I didn't see any clumsy fools when I was walking around just now.<br />
I've finally discovered one virtue of this lab.

===(IV)===
<div align="center">About the greenhouse</div><br />The dust and particles are suffocating... I can't believe there's not even a decontamination unit around here!

==На других языках==
{{На других языках
|en   = Dr. Ratio's Note
|zhs  = 真理医生的留言便条
|zht  = 真理醫生的留言字條
|ja   = Dr.レイシオの伝言のメモ
|ko   = Dr. 레이시오가 남긴 메모
|es   = Nota del Dr. Ratio
|fr   = Commentaires de Dr Ratio
|ru   = Заметки доктора Рацио
|th   = โน้ตของ Dr. Ratio
|vi   = Mẩu Giấy Nhắn Của Dr. Ratio
|de   = Dr. Wahrheits Notiz
|id   = Catatan Memo Dr. Ratio
|pt   = Anotação do Dr. Ratio
}}

==История изменений==
{{История изменений|3.5}}

[[en:]]