<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Face of Fourteen Illusions#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Дополнить}}
{{Книга Инфобокс
|id           = 280
|partIds      = 190530
|Название     = 
|Изображение  = Записи с КСГ.png
|Мир          = Herta Space Station
|Томов        = 1
|Автор        = <!--нужно добавить-->
|Описание     = A confession letter from an anonymous Knight of the Beauty.
|Том1         = {{tx}}
|Источник1    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Персонажи    = 
|Фракции      = Knights of Beauty
}}
'''Face of Fourteen Illusions''' — одна из [[Книги|книг]], которую можно найти на [[Herta Space Station]].

==Локация==
{{Отметка карты|<!--название карты-->|<!--id отметки-->}}

==Face of Fourteen Illusions==
<div align="center">Face of Fourteen Illusions<br />
Abandoned Confession of a Knight of Beauty

If my mind had not been clouded by the evil hand of fate,<br />
I would have perceived all the allure of the senses and the yearnings of the spirit.<br />
I perceive that your words and actions make you truly exist,<br />
Your countenance and blade flowing with blood and passion unseen by the world.<br />
I admire all the grace bestowed upon your noble nature,<br />
Hidden in the darkness of the armor but deeper than the heart.<br />
Perhaps yearning to see you, I caught a glimpse in visions,<br />
Burning with rigorous penance to elevate your nobility.<br />
Blind loyalty would reclaim you from all lands and kingdoms.<br />
Fearlessness veils our shy eyes more than any shroud.<br />
Our Commandments of Sonnet test our resolve like the breath of a louse.<br />
How I wish you could know my devoutness.<br />
How I wish you could know my longing.<br />
How I wish you could know my fervor.</div>

==На других языках==
{{На других языках
|en   = Face of Fourteen Illusions
|zhs  = 十四种幻觉的面庞
|zht  = 十四種幻覺的面龐
|ja   = 十四種類の幻覚の顔
|ko   = 14가지 환각의 얼굴
|es   = Rostro de las catorce ilusiones
|fr   = Le visage aux quatorze illusions
|ru   = Лик четырнадцати иллюзий
|th   = ใบหน้าลวงตาทั้ง 14 ชนิด
|vi   = Bộ Mặt 14 Loại Ảo Giác
|de   = Gesicht der Vierzehn Illusionen
|id   = Wajah dari 14 Ilusi
|pt   = Face das Quatorze Ilusões
}}

==История изменений==
{{История изменений|3.5}}

[[en:]]