<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#Sheila's Character Script#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Дополнить}}
{{Книга Инфобокс
|id           = 077
|partIds      = 190201
|Название     = 
|Изображение  = Журнал с КСГ.png
|Мир          = Herta Space Station
|Томов        = 1
|Автор        = <!--нужно добавить-->
|Описание     = Sheila's character script, written by Gunn Konolev, whose motive is veiled in mystery.
|Том1         = {{tx}}
|Источник1    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Персонажи    = Herta
|Фракции      = 
}}
'''Sheila's Character Script''' — одна из [[Книги|книг]], которую можно найти на [[Herta Space Station]].

==Локация==
{{Отметка карты|<!--название карты-->|<!--id отметки-->}}

==Sheila's Character Script==
<div align="center">Written by Gunn Konolev

Sheila's Character Introduction</div>

Sheila Nova, guide of the Herta Department of Galactic Geopolitics, is the child of two unidentified justice researchers from the space station. Her parents were both killed in the war against the Lord Ravagers' destruction of her home planet Minyatur. Gunn Konolev has raised her since her birth. She has gotten a proper and comprehensive education in the field of justice and has made it her mission to propagate the moral ideals of the Department of Galactic Geopolitics①.

She is always righteous and proper in her conduct, and she is never pessimistic in the face of injustice②. She runs "thought experiments" on ethics in the space station on a regular basis.

''Notes:''<br />
''①Such a fabrication seems so pathetic in contrast to her real life.''<br />
''②Her code of conduct will be passed down to future generations.''

<div align="center">Sheila's Dialogue Lines</div>

1. *smiles* My name is Sheila Nova.<br />
2. (Elegantly) I am only a guide in the Department of Galactic Geopolitics, in charge of enforcing the regulations established by the space station's leaders on a regular basis.<br />
3. (Enthusiastically) I pledge myself to the Department of Galactic Geopolitics and to justice itself, with my health, dreams, and greatest passions.<br />
4. (Sad) I have never left the space station since my birth. I don't think I'll leave the station till my soul returns to the... cosmos.

==На других языках==
{{На других языках
|en   = Sheila's Character Script
|zhs  = 希拉的人物剧本
|zht  = 希拉的人物劇本
|ja   = ヒーラの人物脚本
|ko   = 실라의 인물 각본
|es   = Guion de personaje de Sheila
|fr   = Scénario du personnage de Sheila
|ru   = Сценарий персонажа Шейлы
|th   = บทตัวละครของ Sheila
|vi   = Kịch Bản Nhân Vật Của Sheila
|de   = Sheilas Figurenskript
|id   = Naskah Karakter Sheila
|pt   = Roteiro de Personagem de Sheila
}}

==История изменений==
{{История изменений|3.5}}

[[en:]]