<%-- [PAGE_INFO]
PageTitle=#The Curlcademy Guidelines#
[END_PAGE_INFO] --%>
{{Дополнить}}
{{Книга Инфобокс
|id           = 147
|partIds      = 190300
|Название     = 
|Изображение  = Журнал с КСГ.png
|Мир          = Herta Space Station
|Томов        = 1
|Автор        = <!--нужно добавить-->
|Описание     = The guidelines for the Curlcademy on the space station, contains very subjective views.
|Том1         = {{tx}}
|Источник1    = {{tx|Отсутствует источник}}
|Персонажи    = Herta
|Фракции      = 
}}
'''The Curlcademy Guidelines''' — одна из [[Книги|книг]], которую можно найти на [[Herta Space Station]].

==Локация==
{{Отметка карты|<!--название карты-->|<!--id отметки-->}}

==The Curlcademy Guidelines==
<div align="center">Association Name</div><br />Herta Curlcademy

<div align="center">Association Guidelines</div><br />Modern science progresses at a rapid pace, while humanity's self-determination approaches at a snail's pace. We have a duty as researchers to help others identify our department more easily, and so we have shed part of our personal flair: Our outfits. We should strengthen our personalities in different ways, rather than cliché clothes. We believe that our heads evolved to grow out of the tops of our torsos not simply because they contain the brain. They must play a vital role &mdash; that of Identification. Therefore, grooming your own personal hairstyle is a key step in mastering your identity. This is the only way to bring a whiff of humanity beneath the stench of science aboard the space station.

<div align="center">Association Motto</div><br />Sculpt daily, condition weekly, and strengthen monthly.

<div align="center">Association Goals</div><br />Mainly aimed at the researchers and staff aboard the Herta space station: To nurture everyone's unique vibe, to rapidly respond to crises, to master meticulous perming technique, and to deliver a steady stream of fashionable hairstyles for the whole universe.

==На других языках==
{{На других языках
|en   = The Curlcademy Guidelines
|zhs  = 爆炸头协会纲领
|zht  = 爆炸頭協會綱領
|ja   = アフロ協会綱領
|ko   = 폭탄 머리 협회 강령
|es   = Directrices de la Asociación de Amigos de la Permanente
|fr   = Guide de l'Association de la coupe disco
|ru   = Руководство Ассоциации пышных причёсок
|th   = หลักการของสมาคมคนหัวฟู
|vi   = Cương Lĩnh Hiệp Hội Đầu Xù
|de   = Die Richtlinien der Dauerwelle-Vereinigung
|id   = Pedoman Asosiasi Gaya Rambut Kribo
|pt   = Regras da Associação do Cabelo Crespo
}}

==История изменений==
{{История изменений|3.5}}

[[en:]]